docs: mention project board in CONTRIBUTING.md (#348)
grammyjs/grammY: CONTRIBUTING.md

We can grant you access to the GitHub Organization, so you can get a dedicated repository under our name, and publish your code as an official plugin of grammY.
You will be responsible for maintaining it.

## What Can I Do?

In short: anything you find useful!

> If you're unsure whether your changes are welcome, open an issue on GitHub or ask in the [Telegram chat](https://t.me/grammyjs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re unsure whether your changes are welcome, open an issue on GitHub or preferably ask in the [Telegram chat](https://t.me/grammyjs).
```

> In case you'd like to get some inspiration what we're working on, we have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you’d like to get some inspiration what we're working on, we have
```

- a [project board tracking many active issues and pull requests](https://github.com/orgs/grammyjs/projects/3), and
- an [issue with plugin ideas](https://github.com/grammyjs/grammY/issues/110).

> There's usually also a [pinned issue](https://github.com/grammyjs/grammY/issues) which tells you what the next release is about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There’s usually also a [pinned issue](https://github.com/grammyjs/grammY/issues) which tells you what the next release is about.
```
